### Version: 2.0.0-rc1

DATE: TBD

- Renamed `this.api.fetchJson()` to 
`this.api.fetchJSON()` to match case used
with `JSON.stringify()`, etc...

- Added substitutions param to 
`this.api.fetchJSON(url, subs=[])` so
all `.fetchTHING(url, subs=[])` methods
have the same behavior. 

- Added `options={}` to 
`this.api.fetchJSON()` to pass options to
the fetch call. The signature is
`this.api.fetchJSON(url, subs=[], options={})`.

- Added `this.api.fetchHTML(url, subs=[], options={})`
that loads an HTML file and does find
replace with `subs` on the initial string 
where `subs` is an array
of arrays with the patterns to match and
replace. The patterns can be strings or regex. 

- Added `this.api.fetchSVG(url, subs=[], options={})`
that loads an SVG file and does find
replace with `subs` which is an array
of arrays with the patterns to match and
replace. The patterns can be strings or regex. 

- Added `this.api.fetchTxt(url, subs=[], options={})`
that returns the text content of an external file.

- Added `this.api.fetchTemplate(url, subs=[], options={})`.
This is an alias to `.fetchTxt()` to make
the connection to `.useTemplate()` more of
a direct mental model. 

- Switched to array or arrays for find
replace strings for `this.api.useTemplate(templateString, subs=[])`
and defaulting to an empty array so the
argument doesn't have be sent which
is consistent with the `.fetchThing(url, subs=[])`

- Added an adoptedStylesheet that sets
the `<bitty-x-x>` tag to `display: block`. 

- Added `this.api.match(event, el, key="")`. 
If a key exists, it's used to check the 
`dataset` of the `event` and the `el`
and returns true if they match. If no
`key` is provided the `uuid` of the `event`
and `el` are compared instead. 

- Allowing whitespace around `data-send` 
attributes. 

- Allowing whitespace around `data-receive`
attributes.

- Added `.useEl(content, subs = [])` that 
returns the first element from the content
string. 

- Ingesting `window.bittyFunctions` from
the page and `const functions` inside the module
and providing access the them via `this.api.fn.FUNCTION()`

- Ingest local `const functions` functions
from the bitty component file that get
added as `this.api.fn.FUNCTION()`

- Ingested functions are bound with `.bind()` so
that their `this.` is the bitty component's
element itself. 

- Combined `this.config` and `this.metadata` in the
`constructor()`.

