### Version: 0.1.0

June 2, 2025

Getting the project started.

- Initial prototype.

- `<bitty-js>;` wraps elements to provide them with reactive
capabilities.
    
- Basic `data-c`, `data-s`, and `data-r`
in place to call functions, send, and receive updates, respectively.
    
- Functionality is loaded using `data-wrapper` to point to a
module to load. The module must export a `Wrapper` class that
gets loaded and used to provide functions and send/receive callbacks.
    
- Uses string prefixes to make determinations about how to handle data
through the send/receive channels (e.g.
`htmlSOMETHING`
updates `.innerHTML` of an element while
`valueSOMETHING` updates the `.value`).
    
- Defined convention for functions. `data-c` maps to functions in
the `Wrapper` class that start with a
`_` (underscore). The `data-s` and
`data-r` attributes map to functions in the
`Wrapper` class that start with a `$` (dollar sign).
    
- Decided against using `data-c data-s and data-r` on the
`bitty.js` tags. That would involved a lot of extra overhead in
parsing to differentiate between the top level element and the content it
wraps. Using `data-send` instead as a replacement for
`data-c`. Others, TBD.
    
- Set up `data-c="batchSOMETHIGN"` functionality to send a single
single that gets turned into multiple signals in the `Wrapper`.
    
- Defined convention of using `.batches` to look for batches. It
must be a hash where the keys match the incoming request and the value is
an array of functions to run.
    
- Defined `.bridge` to allow `Wrapper` functions to
access the parent `bitty-js` element.
    
- Scoped event listeners to the `bitty-js` elements.

- Set up `data-listeners` attribute on `bitty-js` tags
to override the default listeners (which are `input` and
`click`).
    
- Created example that stores its own state.

- Created example that updates an element with the same content it sent
(i.e. verified feedback can be avoided).
    
- Created example using `data-send` to load initial values.
    
- Created example that sends multiple signals.

- Created example with multiple elements receiving the same signal.

- Created example showing how to update global CSS variables/properties.
    
- Created example showing custom event listeners.

- Created example showing how to update CSS variables/properties scoped to
the content of individual `bitty-js` tags.
    
- Examples use parent page's CSS for styling. It confirms I'm happy with the
choice to use the light DOM instead of the shadow DOM.
    
- Set up initial preflight check to ensure functions are in place.
