### Version: 7.0.0-rc2

This change primarily moves `.target` and
`.sender` items from `el` to `ev`.
And moves the sending element into
`ev.sender` with extra the features added.

- Renamed `ev.val` to `ev.value`

- Renamed `ev.valInt` to `ev.intValue`

- Renamed `ev.valFloat` to `ev.floatValue`

- Renamed `ev.ds` to `ev.prop` 

- Renamed `ev.dsInt` to `ev.propToInt` 

- Renamed `ev.dsFloat` to `ev.propToFloat` 

- Added `ev.sender.value`

- Added `ev.sender.valueToInt`

- Added `ev.sender.valueToFloat`

- Moved `el.targetBittyId` to `ev.bittyId`

- Renamed `el.ds` to `el.prop`

- Renamed `el.dsInt` to `el.propToInt`

- Renamed `el.dsFloat` to `el.propToFloat`

- Removed `el.targetDs()` in favor of existing
`ev.prop()`

- Removed `el.targetDsInt()` in favor of existing
`ev.propToInt()`

- Removed `el.targetDsFloat()` in favor of existing
`ev.propToFloat()`

- Moved `el.senderBittyId` to `ev.sender.bittyId`

- Removed `el.senderDs()` in favor of existing
`ev.sender.prop()`

- Removed `el.senderDsInt()` in favor of existing
`ev.sender.propToInt()`

- Removed `el.senderDsFloat()` in favor of existing
`ev.sender.propToFloat()`

- Removed `el.val` in favor of the standard
`el.value`

- Renamed `el.valInt` to `el.valueToInt`

- Renamed `el.valFloat` to `el.valueToFloat`

- Removed `el.targetVal` in favor of 
`ev.value`

- Removed `el.targetValInt` in favor of 
`ev.valueToInt`

- Removed `el.targetValFloat` in favor of 
`ev.valueToFloat`

- Removed `el.senderVal` in favor of 
`ev.sender.value`

- Removed `el.senderValInt` in favor of 
`ev.sender.valueToInt`

- Removed `el.senderValueFloat` in favor of 
`ev.sender.valueToFloat`

- Renamed `el.matchTargetDs` to `el.propMatchesTarget`

- Renamed `el.matchSenderDs` to `el.propMatchesSender`

- Remove `el.bittyParent` in favor of using `this.api`
directly. 

- Remove `el.bittyParentBittyId` in favor of using `this.api.dataset.bittyid`
directly. 

- Fixed bug where `el.isSender` was checking against `el.sender`
instead of `ev.sender`. 

- Removed deprecated `el.sender` code. 

- Fixed bug where forwared signals required a receiver. 
They now fire once if there isn't a receiver the same
way `data-send` works. 

- The `bitty` element is used as the 
`ev.sender` on a `this.api.tigger(SIGNAL)` call
(previously, a `null` value was sent)

- Removed `el.bittyParentBittyId`. 
Use `el.bittyParent.bittyId` instead. 
(`el.bittyParent` contains the entire bitty
element. Removing this makes it
clearer that that's the case and prevents
an unwieldy alias) 

- TODO: Refactored to use centralized
processEvent method. 

