## Version 8.0.0-beta-6

DATE: TBD


- Added SVG output to `.render` from 
templates in `b.svgs`.

- Added `b.addStyles(css)` that creates an
adopted stylesheet with the `css` and
attaches it to the document. 

- Added `b.savePage(key, data)` that
forwards to `b.save(key, data)` after prepending
the key with the `.pathname` for the page's
URL the same way `b.loadPage()` does. 

- Added `b.loadPage(key, fallback)` 
that works like `b.load()` but prepends the
key with the `.pathname` from the page's 
URL to automatically associated it with the
page. 

- Renamed `b.restore()` to `b.load()`
for loading data from localStorage. 

- Added tests to verify that templates can 
be added with `export const b = { templates: { } }`
and that they are overwritten by templates
from the page or loaded with `.getTemplates()`.

-  Added `b.switch` which renders an
HTML label and button with classes designed
for a stylesheet to hook into to make it 
appear like a toggle switch. The template
for the switch is stored in `b.templates.switch`
so it can be overwritten.

- TODO: Moved additional bitty features from being
placed on the `ev` event to the `ev.target`
element itself. This keeps the 
API consistent across `ev.target`, `sender`,
and `el`.

- Renamed `.propAsFloat(key)` to `.propFloat(key)`
for `ev`, `sender`, and `el`.

- Renamed `.propAsInt(key)` to `.propInt(key)`
for `ev`, `sender`, and `el`.

- Added `.propBool(key)` 
to `ev`, `sender`, and `el`. 

- Converted `.val` and `.valXXX` 
properties to `.val()` and `.valXXX()`
methods as part of making
everything on `el` a method. 

- Added `.valBool()` to `ev`, `sender`,
and `el`. 

- Renamed `.valAsFloat()` to `.valFloat()`
for `ev`, `sender`, and `el`.

- Renamed `.valAsInt()` to `.valInt()`
for `ev`, `sender`, and `el`.

- Added `.aria(key)` 
to `ev`, `sender`, and `el`. 
It returns the value from `aria-key` 
as a string.

- Added `.ariaBool(key)` 
to `ev`, `sender`, and `el`. 
It returns the value from `aria-key`
as a boolean.

- Added `.ariaFloat(key)` 
to `ev`, `sender`, and `el`. 
It returns the value from `aria-key`
as a float.

- Added `.ariaInt(key)` 
to `ev`, `sender`, and `el`. 
It returns the value from `aria-key`
as an integer.

- Added `.setAria(key, value)` 
to `ev`, `sender`, and `el` 
to set the given `aria-key`
attribute on an element. 

- When `true`, `false`, and `null` are passed to
a find/replace in `.render` they are turned
into strings for the output. 

- When numbers are passed to
a find/replace in `.render` they are turned
into strings for the output. 

- Removed `.isSender` and `.isTarget`. It's
just as easy to do something like `sender === el`
and removes the complexity of trying to 
maintain the state during function calls. 

- Set up `.innerHTMLAsBool()` as a method.

- Set up `.innerHTMLAsFloat()` as a method.

- Set up `.innerHTMLAsInt()` as a method.

- Removed `.val()` in favor of just using
`.value`. The original goal of having 
`.val()` was to maintain consistency 
with `.valueAsBool()`, etc.. so they
were all methods. With this move, 
`.value` is a property. The rest
are methods. That adds a little friction
having to remember which one is which.
But, it reduces it by using the native
`.value`. The later being more
beneficial than the former was
detrimental. 


