## Version 8.0.0-beta-7

DATE: TBD

- Updated form input listeners for
 better defaults. Text style fields
 listen for the enter key. 
 `type="search"` listens for
 both `input` and the enter key. 
 Other inputs listen for `change`
 events. 

- Set the default for `b.mapKey()`
to not `.preventDefault` on the
event. It'll be up to
the signal function to make
that switch. (The option
still exists to implement
`.prevendDefault` when defining
the `b.mapKey()` through its
options.)

- TODO: `data-listen` attributes
attach their listeners directly to
the element instead of generically
to the document for later
filtering. 

- TODO: `data-listen` attributes
and define new listeners when
added via `b.render()`

- TODO: Added a `b.debugging` property
that's set to `false` by default. 

- TODO: Added a `b.debug()` method
that forwards to `console.log()`
if `b.debugging` is set to `true`.

- TODO: Signals can be called
with regular expressions for the names. 

- NEEDS TESTING: Updated the built in 
switch template so that it doesn't
output empty `data-r`, `data-s`, 
or `data-key` attributes if
no values are provided for them. 

- TODO: Renamed `.valueInt()` to `.valueAsInt()`
and similar for `.prop...()`, `.aria...()`,
and `.innerHTML...()`

- TODO: Set up templates to use
`data-key` instead of `id` to get the
key for the template to avoid potential
conflict with elements that have
the same `id` on the page. 

- TODO: Added `b.prop(key, el)`, `b.aria(key, el)`
`b.innerHTML(el)`, `b.value(el)` and related 
(e.g. `b.valueAsInt(el)`) to `b`

- TODO: Added `__SAVE__` to `b.switch()` 
that outputs `data-save=""` with the value
if it exists. 

- TODO: Added a `__MISC__` key to
`b.switch()` that lets you send
an arbitrary payload
to the button. 

- TODO: Add `b.qsAsInt()` etc...
Looks for `.value` first. Then,
`.innerHTML`.

- Reversed the arguments for 
`b.save()` and `b.savePage()` 
so the value saved comes first
then the key so it reads in the
order of "Save Value as Key". This
is different from the order of 
`localStorage.setItem(key, value)`
That order feels less natural though. 
Putting the value first is also
the way that indexedDB works. 

- Removed `b.debugging` flag
and `b.debug()` method. It's
not worth adding the complexity
because the different things to do
with debugging are so varied. It 
also avoids having to pull out
the debug value from a saved state
object which could otherwise
be used directly. 

- TODO: Renamed `b.save()` to
`b.saveData()`.

- TODO: Renamed `b.savePage()`
to `b.savePageData()`.

- TODO: Renamed `b.load()`
to `b.loadData()`.

- TODO: Renamed `b.loadData()`
to `b.loadPageData()`.

- TODO: Switched backend for
`b.save()` and friends to 
from localStorage to IndexedDB.

- TODO: Added `b.deleteData()`
to remove site wide data from
the default IndexedDB object
store. 

- TODO: Added `b.deletePageData()`
to remove page specific data
from the default IndexedDB 
object store. 

- TODO: Added `b.getValues()`
which creates an object with 
basic input and aria values
from the elements on the page. 

- TODO: Added `b.setValues()`
takes an object created by
`b.getValues()` and updates
the page with them.

- TODO: Added `b.qsValue()`
which returns the `.value`
of the element that matches
the query selector or it's
`.innerHTML` if `.value`
doesn't exist. 

- TODO: Added `b.qsAsBool()`
returns a boolean from 
the `.value` or `.innerHTML`
of the selected element. 

- TODO: Added `b.qsAsFloat()`
returns a boolean from 
the `.value` or `.innerHTML`
of the selected element. 

- TODO: Added `b.qsAsInt()`
returns a boolean from 
the `.value` or `.innerHTML`
of the selected element. 

- TODO: Renamed `b.get()`
to `b.getData()`.



