### Version 8.0.0-beta-1

DATE N/A

This was a big refactor to make bitty
easier to reason about and provide
shorter ways to perform common
actions. During it's development, 
I realized a larger restructure would
be even better. Instead of wrapping
content inside bitty tags, the idea
is to simply add an empty bitty tag
to the page that pulls in the functionality. 
That is the work of 8.0.0-beta2.





- Added `this.api.sleep(MS)` function 
that sleeps for a number of milliseconds
via `await this.api.sleep(MS)`. 

- Added `this.api.htmlTemplate(KEY, SUBS)`
that is an alias for: 
`this.api.makeHTML(this.api.template(KEY), subs))`

- Added `this.api.elementTemplate(KEY, SUBS)`
that is an alias for: 
`this.api.makeElement(this.api.template(KEY), subs))`

- Added `this.api.svgFromTemplate(KEY, SUBS)`
that is an alias for: 
`this.api.makeSVG(this.api.template(KEY), subs))`

- Added feature that loads any `<script></script>`
tags with `type="application/json"` and
an `id="ID"` attribute into a data store available
in `this.api.data(ID)` after passing it
through `JSON.parse()`.

- Added feature that loads any `<script></script>`
tags with `type="text/html"` and
an `id="ID"` attribute into a set of plain text
templates available in `this.api.template(ID)`. 

- Added feature that loads any `<script></script>`
tags with `type="text/plain"` and
an `id="ID"` attribute into a set of plain text
templates available in `this.api.template(ID)`. 

- Added `el.copyText()` which copies the text of
and element to the copy/pasteboard. If the element
has a `el.value` (e.g. it's from a form input), the
value gets copied. Otherwise it copies
the `innerHTML` from the element. 

- Added `el.setProp(KEY, VALUE)` that
adds or updates a `dataset-KEY` value 
on an `el`. If the value already exists 
and hasn't changed no update is made. 

- Updated the bitty-#-# tag so it
can receive signals via `data-receive`.

- Renamed `this.api.getTXT()` to 
`this.api.getTEXT()` so it's 
the actual word and has better separation
from the extension (e.g. you could pull
a .html file as TEXT) and better matches
`this.api.getHTML()` etc...

- Renamed `this.api.makeTXT()` to 
`this.api.makeTEXT()` so it's 
the actual word and has better separation
from the extension (e.g. you could pull
a .html file as TEXT) and better matches
`this.api.getHTML()` etc...

- Renamed `this.api.setProp(KEY, VALUE)`
to `this.api.setCSS(KEY, VALUE)` to avoid
confusion with `el.setProp(KEY, VALUE)`.

- Renamed `...ToInt()` to `...AsInt()`
for clarity.

- Renamed `...ToFloat()` to `...AsFloat()`
for clarity.

- Deprecated and removed `data-use`. It added 
too much mental overhead since it created
a different send/receive mode that only 
affected a single element. That can 
be done with the various `.matchXXX` methods
in a way that's simpler to reason about. 

- Deprecated and removed `data-init`. It 
was more confusing to work with than just 
using `data-send` and `data-receive` and 
using `bittyReady()` to run things for 
initialization. 

