<li>
  <h3>Version: 0.2.2</h3>
  <p>June 4, 2025</p>

  [! include "wrapper/do-not-edit-output-reminder.html" !]

  <p>
    Added UUIDs for pending error handling. Shuffeld a bunch of stuff around to
    make the examples look nicer.
  </p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>
        Added uuids as <code>data-uuid</code> attrs to all elements with related
        <code>data-*</code> attributes. Added them to the
        <code>bitty-js</code> elements too. I was originally thinking I'd add
        the UUIDs on the elements internally (i.e. <code>el.uuid</code> instead
        of <code>el.dataset.uuid</code>).
      </p>
      <p>
        I decided on the attribute approach because it offers two benefits: 1.
        You can see the IDs in the Element tree view of developer consoles, and
        2. You can address them with CSS to update styles based on the UUID.
        Both of those thing will go to supporting better error messages and bug
        hunting.
      </p>
    </li>
    <li>
      Mostly content updates largely focused on detailing the opening counter
      example.
    </li>
    <li>Added CONTRIBUTING file.</li>
    <li>Added watcher script to build site when files change.</li>
    <li>
      Refined the initial counter example to remove the text and change the
      private variable to <code>this.num</code> to make the examples look nicer.
    </li>
    <li>
      Moved the Examples section directly below the initial basic functionality
      overview section.
    </li>
    <li>
      Added reminders all over the place to edit the template and instead of the
      output for HTML page (which would be overwritten. ask me how I know).
    </li>
    <li>
      Started adding <code>prettier-ignore</code> comments to code snippets to
      prevent the display output from being mangled.
    </li>
    <li>
      Started stripping <code>prettier-ignore</code> comments from the HTML
      output so it doesn't show in the example
    </li>
    <li>Same goes for <code>// deno-fmt-ignore-file</code> in .js files</li>
    <li>
      Added script to maintain the open open/closed states of the section
      details elements across page loads. (Having them close every time I made a
      change was maddening)
    </li>
    <li>
      Moved all the example <code>.js</code> files into the site root. Not a fan
      of that in general, but it makes the examples look better since the path
      is shorter.
    </li>
  </ul>
</li>
