### Version: 0.3.0

DATE TBD

Big refactor based on experience using 0.2.0.

- Added more generic error handing where you just send
a message and it outputs to the page along with the
UUID of the element that had the problem. The 
elements have `bitty-js-error` style classes on them
so their display can be controlled via CSS. 
- Updated to use the name `data-connect` instead of `data-module`
- The `data-connect` can point to either a module or
to a class in a global `bittyClasses` window object.
- Alternate module classes are selected by passing a `|` followed
by the desired class name instead of using `data-use`
- TODO: Pass alternate classes via a colon separated value in 
data-connect instead of a separate data-use attribute
- TODO: Add async tests and examples
- TODO: Add documentation note about `event` being pulled from `window.event`
if nothing overrides it in scope. (e.g. if you bury an incoming
event with `_event` the `event` variable will still be populated
but might now have what you expect in it. 
- TODO: Document the `this.api` for calling back into the `bitty-js`
element and functionality from the module.
- TODO: If there's an `init()` function in a module it's the
first thing that gets called once bitty is loaded. 
- TODO: Removed `data-call`. The `data-send` attribute is used
for everything. Nothing would fire from it in prior versions
if there wasn't at least one element with a `data-receive` 
with the same name. Now it calls the function with itself
as the element if there are no receivers.
- TODO: Added test suite.
- TODO: Remove expanded error messages. They were nice, but added a bunch of size
without a significant improvement. 
- The biggest update is changing `data-b`, `data-c`,
      `data-r`, and `data-s` to `data-batch`, 
      `data-call`, `data-receive`, and `data-send`,
      respectively. I originally use the shorter names to reduce the text
      length. The increased clarity of the longer names is worth the
      few extra characters.
- The other big change is removing the leading `_` and
      `$` characters from function names. They were originally 
      put in place to create a naming convention that differentiated
      between functions that were hit with `data-call`
      and `data-send`. In practice, that wasn't necessary.
- Removed the `data-batch` attribute. While there are some use 
      cases where it might be nice, the extra complexity, mental overhead, and maintance 
      aren't worth it.
- Added Mutation Observer so data-* functionality works
      on elements that are added after initilization.
- TODO: Needs Testing - Added Mutation Observer watch for
      removed elements to pull them out of the mix when
      they get gone.-       Added documentation to each of the examples. (Documention is 
      stored as markdown directly in the example files.)
- Split the web site page up into individual template for sections. Much
      nicer to work with.
- Updated example functions to always use `(el, _event)` instead
      of `(el, _)` for clarity. 
- Removed inert/include/ignore can be dropped from the top level
      components then remove them. This was originally a way to tell 
      parent components to ignore specific calls and signals from children. 
      After using it a bit, I don't think the complexity is worth it. 
      Better to just name functions an signals so they don't collide.
- Isolated default signal travel to only go down the DOM. 
- Added ability to send signals up the DOM via `data-watch`
      and a custom event.
- Added `data-watch` so parents and siblings
      can receive signals from their children and other
      siblings. With this, signals can be sent up, down, and
      to siblings.
- Ignore events directly from `bitty-js`
      elements (i.e. only process events from child elements).
      This is done to prevent `data-call` (and
      possibly `data-send`) attributes on 
      `bitty-js` elements from firing repeatedly
      when things inside the element send events (e.g. clicks).
- Quality-of-life update to remove requirement of
      adding `./` in front of relative
      file files for modules. 
- Renamed `scripts` directory to
      `modules`.
- Moved bitty script file under `bitty-versions/bitty-v0.3.0.js`
      and copying to prod at the root of the site (i.e. `/bitty-v0.3.0.js`)
      so examples look cleaner. 
- Renamed `data-bridge` to `data-connect` 
      for clarity.
- Renamed `data-connection` to `data-use` 
      for clarity.
- Renamed `this.widget.bridge` to `this.module.api`
      in `bitty-js`
- TODO: stub an event for this.
      Added `this.api.doSend(key)` functionality to modules to
      allow sending signals from inside a module. 
- TODO: Added `this.api.doCall(key)` to allow modules
      to call functions directly. 
      TODO: figure out if this is actually needed or if calls just
      work anyway, the only thing would be the data that's passed. 
- Stubbing `event.target` structure for `data-call`
      and `data-send` for the `bitty-js` element so
      there is something in the event argument for the corresponding
      functions.
- Added Progressive Enhancement and JavaScript Data comparison examples.
- Added/polished a bunch of other examples.

