### Version: 3.0.0-rc1

DATE: TBD

This isn't a huge jump from Version 2.x,
but there are breaking changes so it
gets a new number. These are quality
of life improvements that make it
easier to get external content while
providing better errors if something
goes wrong. 

The details:

- Did the following renames and
additions for consistent API names 
for getting and adding documet 
fragments and elements:

    - Renamed `this.api.getHTML()` to
    `this.api.getFragment()` which
    pulls in an external file
    and returns it as a document
    fragment.

    - Added `this.api.getElement()`
    which pulls in an external file
    and retuns it as a single HTML
    Element (if there's more than
    one node at the top of the file
    only the first one gets returned).

    - Renamed `this.api.useTemplate()`
    to `this.api.makeFragment()` which
    takes a string to use as a template
    and returns a document fragment.

    - Added `this.api.makeElement()` which
    takes a string to use as a template
    and returns a single HTML Element.

- Added custom BittyError class
for better error handling with `this.api.getTHING`
calls that use `.fetch` and
for JSON parsing errors. 

- When returning values from fetches
return an object with either `{ ok: PAYLOAD }`, 
or `{ error: { /* details */ } }` with 
extra data coming down in the error object
like status codes for HTML errors. 

- Added `connectedMoveCallback()` to 
prevent `connectedCallback()` from firing
if a component is moved.

- Moved everything in the init
into the conditional check to see if 
the component makes a connection to a class. 
Previous a few things happend prior to 
the connection attempt. Moving them in
prevents UUIDs from being added until
a conneciton has been made. Shouldn't
make any real difference. It just
feels more natural. 
