### Version 6.0.0-rc1

- Added `this.api.getBittyParent(el)` that
returns the bitty element that contains
the `el` element. If the `el` element
is a bitty tag it returns itself. 

- Added `data-bittyid` attrs to 
everything so they can be used for 
comparisons. 

- Events are captured from every
element (not just those with `data-send` and
`data-receive`). Events bubble up
the document where bitty looks for
them on the window object. 

- For the bitty events, the 
target that the event happened on and then
the `sender` that is the element that
had the `data-send` on it are both
included. (e.g. `event.target` is where
the event happened at `event.sender` i
the element with `data-send` that sent
the signal. The `event.target` and
`event.sender` will be the same element
if the `event.target` is what had
the `data-send` attribute. Otherwise,
they are different. 

- TODO: Added `el.bittyParent` that 
contains a reference to the bitty parent 
element

- TODO: Added `el.bittyParentId` that 
contains a reference to the bitty parent 
element's data-bittyid

- Removed `this.api.match()` in
favor of `el.isTarget` and `el.isSender`.
(`this.api.matchTarget()` and `this.api.matchSender()`
existed briefly but were also removed
as part of the transition to `el.isTarget`
and `el.isSender`.

- Added `el.isTarget()` which is boolean
that indicates if the element is 
the one that generated the event. 

- Added `el.isSender()` which is boolean
that indicates if the element is 
the one with `data-send` that sent
the event (which may or may not
be the same as the target identified
by `el.isTarget()`

- Events bubble up until they hit 
an element with a `data-send` attribute. 
(e.g. you can click an element 
that doesn't have a `data-send` attribute
that's inside a div that does and the
one from the div will fire)

- Renamed `data-send` to `data-init` on the
`<bitty-#-#>` tags to match `data-init`
behavior on child elements (i.e. only fires
once when the element is initialized)

- `data-send` attributes 
on `<bitty-#-#>` elements now send
events (e.g. from clicks) the same
way they do for child elements. 

- Converted `bitty...` pseudo-events to 
classes extended from `Event`. All events
are set to bubble up the document. 

- Created `this.api.localTrigger(SIGNAL_STRING)` 
that only sends the signal to the local element
without bubbling and without descending into
child bitty elements. 

- Added `el.getString(KEY)` which 
goes up the DOM looking for a matching
`dataset.KEY` that's a String.

- Added `el.getInt(KEY)` which 
goes up the DOM looking for a matching
`dataset.KEY` that's an Int.

- Added `el.getFloat(KEY)` which 
goes up the DOM looking for a matching
`dataset.KEY` that's a Float.

- Removed `bittyCatch()` functionality. 
It's not necessary now that all events 
are examined by this listener without 
extra filtering. 

- Removed adopted stylesheet to set
`[@ tag_name @]` to block. This saves
loading duplicate stylesheets for each 
[@ tag_name @] instance.

  Using `thie.style.display` to set [@ tag_name @]
element to block. That way it can be changed
easier by editing the style directly (e.g.
by updated the style in the `bittyInit` 
function)

- Cleaned up tests

