### Version: 7.0.0-rc1

This update is a largely a set of API refinements to 
make things more obvious and consistent. It 
also adds `data-use` which allows an element
to send a signal that only it uses. 

- Renamed the `bitty-#.#.#.min.js` file to
`bitty-#.#.#.js` to highlight that it's the
one that should be used in production. 

- Renamed the `bitty-#.#.#.full.js` file
to `bitty-#.#.#.dev.js` for clarity that it's
the source code and not what should be used
in production.

- TODO: Added `this.api.makeSVG` which takes a
text string and turns it into an SVG. 

- Moved `bittyInit` back to inline instead
of running as an event to allow proper
`async/await` functionality.

- Moved `bittyReady` back to inline instead
of running as an event to allow proper
`async/await` functionality.

- Added `data-use` which sends a signal 
from an element which is only processed by 
the element itself (e.g. if there are several
elements with the same `data-use` or `data-send`
values the other aren't processed). This
means you don't have to check `.isSender` or
`isTarget` if you don't need to update other
elements from a signal. (You'd still need
them for doing different things when
every element needs to be updated differently
depending on if it's the sender/target or not.)

  The `data-use` attribute picks up events
  from child element the same way `data-send`
  does. 

- Moved `ev.sender` to `el.sender` The sender 
element is no longer appended
to the event. It's added to the element instead
so that all general usage can be done through
the element (e.g. `el`) argument.

- Renamed `el.getString(KEY)` to `el.ds(KEY)` 
- Renamed `el.getInt(KEY)` to `el.dsInt(KEY)` 
- Renamed `el.getFloat(KEY)` to `el.dsFloat(KEY)` 

- Removed `ev.target.getString(KEY)` 
- Added: `el.targetDs(KEY)` 

- Removed `ev.target.getInt(KEY)`
- Added: `el.targetDsInt(KEY)` 

- Removed `ev.target.getFloat(KEY)` 
- Added: `el.targetDsFloat(KEY)`

- Removed `ev.target.stringValue(KEY)` 
- Added: `el.targetVal(KEY)`

- Removed `ev.target.intValue(KEY)` 
- Added: `el.targetValInt(KEY)`

- Removed `ev.target.floatValue(KEY)` 
- Added: `el.targetValFloat(KEY)`

- Removed `ev.sender.getString(KEY)`
- Added: `el.senderDs(KEY)`

- Removed `ev.sender.getInt(KEY)` 
- Added: `el.senderDsInt(KEY)`

- Removed `ev.sender.getFloat(KEY)`
- Added: `el.senderDsFloat(KEY)`

- Removed `ev.sender.stringValue(KEY)` 
- Added: `el.senderVal(KEY)`

- Removed `ev.sender.intValue(KEY)` 
- Added: `el.senderValInt(KEY)`

- Removed `ev.sender.floatValue(KEY)` 
- Added: `el.senderValFloat(KEY)`

- Added `el.val`
- Added `el.valInt`
- Added `el.valFloat`

- Added `el.targetBittyId`
- Added `el.senderBittyId`

- Renamed `el.bittyParentId` to `el.bittyParentBittyId` to be
consistent with other `...BittyId` properties. 

- Renamed `el.matchTarget(KEY)` to `el.matchTargetDs(KEY)`
- Renamed `el.matchSender(KEY)` to `el.matchSenderDs(KEY)`


- Added `ev.val` 
these are for when a method is run without a receiver and 
the target is an input. 

- Added `ev.valInt`
these are for when a method is run without a receiver and 
the target is an input. 

- Added `ev.valFloat`
these are for when a method is run without a receiver and 
the target is an input. 

- Added `ev.ds(KEY)` 
these are for when a method is run without a receiver and 
the target is an input. 

- Added `ev.dsInt(KEY)` 
these are for when a method is run without a receiver and 
the target is an input. 

- Added `ev.dsFloat(KEY)` 
these are for when a method is run without a receiver and 
the target is an input. 

- Added `el.ds(KEY)` which is an alias to `el.dataset.key`
which gets returns as a string. 

- Added `el.senderDs(KEY)` which is an alias to `el.sender.dataset.key`
which gets returns as a string. 

- Added `el.targetDs(KEY)` which is an alias to `ev.sender.dataset.key`
which gets returns as a string. 

- Improved error message when `data-connect` doesn't
make a connection. 

