### Version 7.1.0-beta1

NOTE: These are work in progress notes
for the next version of bitty. 
Check the `Version 7.0.0` notes below
for the current version. 

DATE TBD

- TODO: Examine test 1060 to see about the bitty 
element picking up event when other bitty element
that are siblings get clicked. 

- TODO: Figure out how to make a better error message if there's
a major problem in a module file that prevents it from loading
all together. For example, an open `const problemVar =` with
nothing after the `=` sign. Right now, it just says there's
an error from inside bitty's component with no useful 
info about where the error actually occurred. 

- TODO: Added a `bittyready` signal that fires
at the end of a bitty element's initialization
chain. 

- TODO: CONSIDER: `.addDataSend(someEl, SIGNALS)` 
and `.addDataReceive(someEl, SIGNALS)` 
which would let you update an existing elements
`data-send` and `data-recieve` with new signals
(creating the attributes if they don't already exist)
Example: `this.api.addDataReceive("signal", codeBlock);`

    Existing signals would remain on the elements. 

- TODO: CONSIDER: `.removeDataSend(someEl, SIGNALS)`
and `.removeDataReceive(someEl, SIGNALS)` which take
signals off the respective `data-*` attributes. 
    
    Multiple signals can be removed. 

    It's not necessary to add `await:` on the
    removal for a signal. Only the name
    is required. If the source signal has
    an await it gets removed regardless. 

- TODO: CONFIRM UPDATE: Added `internal` comments 
to `ev.sendPayload` to filter it out of the 
`jsdoc` output for auto generating docs. 

- TODO: Added `this.api.getQuickXXX()` 
methods that correspond to `this.api.getXXX()`
methods. The difference is that they
return a payload regardless of if the
fetch fails or not. If the fetch 
succeeds, it's returned directly. If
it fails, an alternate error payload
is returned along with an error message
that goes to the console. 

- TODO: Added `this.api.getCSS()` which is just an
alias to `this.api.getTXT()` but helps with the
mental model that fits with the other `this.api.getXXX()`
methods. 

- TODO: Added a feature to the subs for `this.api.getXXX`
where if the first value is a string it just
alternates the subs without having to do
a nested array. 

- TODO: Added `this.api.localForward(EVENT, SIGNAL)` which only 
forwards inside the current module in the
same way `this.api.localTrigger(SIGNAL)`
works. 

- TODO: Added `el.setProp(KEY, VALUE)` which 
is shorthand for adding a corresponding 
`data-KEY` attribute to the `VALUE`
to the element. 

- TODO: CONSIDER: Added `ev.setProp(KEY, VALUE)` which 
is shorthand for adding a corresponding 
`data-KEY` attribute to the `VALUE`
to the `event.target`. (This would 
keep the APIs consistent, but need
to thing through the implication of
adjusting the `.target`)

- TODO: CONSIDER: Added `ev.sender.setProp(KEY, VALUE)` which 
is shorthand for adding a corresponding 
`data-KEY` attribute to the `VALUE`
to the `event.sender`. (This would 
keep the APIs consistent, but need
to thing through the implication of
adjusting the `.sender`)

- TODO: CONFIRM: Documented behavior of `el.bittyId`
if the element was added outside the
`this.api...` methods (i.e. that
`.bittyId` properties are only added when
elements and fragments are created 
via `this.api...` methods. Anything
created with `document.createElement()`
won't get them automatically)
