### Version 8.0.0-beta-1

DATE TBD

This is a big update based off doing more
projects with bitty. Part of it is 
a refinement of the api to simplify
it (there is now only `data-connect`,
`data-listeners`, `data-send`, 
and `data-receive`). The other
part is quality of life improvements
like the `.unwrapOr(VALUE)` for `.getXXX()`
methods that provide the response value
or an alternate value if the request
generated an error. 

- TODO: Set up so that `data-listeners` can be set
anywhere inside a bitty element as well as
on the bitty element itself. When an event 
is sent the nearest `data-listener` is used. 

- TODO: Update `this.api.forward(EVENT, SIGNALS)` so
that it always expects and event. Sending
something else is done with `this.api.send(PAYLOAD, SIGNALS)`

- TODO: Added `this.api.send(PAYLOAD, SIGNALS)` for sending
a specific package to a signal method. 

- TODO: CONSIDER: changing `data-bittyid`
to `data-bitty-id` so the values match
for `el.bittyId` to `el.prop("bittyId")`
instead of the current `el.prop("bittyid")`

- TODO: Added `.unwrapOr(VALUE)` to 
    - `.getHTML`
    - `.getTXT`
    - `.getJSON`
    - `.getElement`
    - `.getSVG`
  
    TODO: Make sure these show up in the 
    docs automatically or else they need
    to be added manually if jsdoc doesn't
    pick them up. 

- Added `this.api.sleep(MS)` function 
that sleeps for a number of milliseconds
via `await this.api.sleep(MS)`. 

- Added `this.api.htmlTemplate(KEY, SUBS)`
that is an alias for: 

`this.api.makeHTML(this.api.template(KEY), subs))`

- Added `this.api.elementTemplate(KEY, SUBS)`
that is an alias for: 

`this.api.makeElement(this.api.template(KEY), subs))`

- Added feature that loads any `<script></script>`
tags with `type="application/json"` and
an `id="ID"` attribute into a data store available
in `this.api.data(ID)` after passing it
through `JSON.parse()`.

- Added feature that loads any `<script></script>`
tags with `type="text/html"` and
an `id="ID"` attribute into a set of plain text
templates available in `this.api.template(ID)`. 

- Added feature that loads any `<script></script>`
tags with `type="text/plain"` and
an `id="ID"` attribute into a set of plain text
templates available in `this.api.template(ID)`. 

- Added `el.copyText()` which copies the text of
and element to the copy/pasteboard. If the element
has a `el.value` (e.g. it's from a form input), the
value gets copied. Otherwise it copies
the `innerHTML` from the element. 

- Added `el.setProp(KEY, VALUE)` that
adds or updates a `dataset-KEY` value 
on an `el`. If the value already exists 
and hasn't changed no update is made. 

- Updated the bitty-#-# tag so it
can receive signals via `data-receive`.

- Renamed `this.api.getTXT()` to 
`this.api.getTEXT()` so it's 
the actual word and has better separation
from the extension (e.g. you could pull
a .html file as TEXT) and better matches
`this.api.getHTML()` etc...

- Renamed `this.api.makeTXT()` to 
`this.api.makeTEXT()` so it's 
the actual word and has better separation
from the extension (e.g. you could pull
a .html file as TEXT) and better matches
`this.api.getHTML()` etc...

- Renamed `this.api.setProp(KEY, VALUE)`
to `this.api.setCSS(KEY, VALUE)` to avoid
confusion with `el.setProp(KEY, VALUE)`.

- Renamed `...ToInt()` to `...AsInt()`
for clarity.

- Renamed `...ToFloat()` to `...AsFloat()`
for clarity.

- Deprecated and removed `data-use`. It added 
too much mental overhead since it created
a different send/receive mode that only 
affected a single element. That can 
be done with the various `.matchXXX` methods
in a way that's simpler to reason about. 

- Deprecated and removed `data-init`. It 
was more confusing to work with than just 
using `data-send` and `data-receive` and 
using `bittyReady()` to run things for 
initialization. 