## Version 8.0.0-beta-6

DATE: TBD


- Added SVG output to `.render` from 
templates in `b.svgs`.

- Added `b.addStyles(css)` that creates an
adopted stylesheet with the `css` and
attaches it to the document. 

- Added `b.savePage(key, data)` that
forwards to `b.save(key, data)` after prepending
the key with the `.pathname` for the page's
URL the same way `b.loadPage()` does. 

- Added `b.loadPage(key, fallback)` 
that works like `b.load()` but prepends the
key with the `.pathname` from the page's 
URL to automatically associated it with the
page. 

- Renamed `b.restore()` to `b.load()`
for loading data from localStorage. 

- Added tests to verify that templates can 
be added with `export const b = { templates: { } }`
and that they are overwritten by templates
from the page or loaded with `.getTemplates()`.

-  Added `b.switch` which renders an
HTML label and button with classes designed
for a stylesheet to hook into to make it 
appear like a toggle switch. The template
for the switch is stored in `b.templates.switch`
so it can be overwritten.

- TODO: Moved additional bitty features from being
placed on the `ev` event to the `ev.target`
element itself. This keeps the 
API consistent across `ev.target`, `sender`,
and `el`.

- Renamed `.propAsFloat(key)` to `.propFloat(key)`
for `ev`, `sender`, and `el`.

- Renamed `.propAsInt(key)` to `.propInt(key)`
for `ev`, `sender`, and `el`.

- Added `.propBool(key)` 
to `ev`, `sender`, and `el`. 

- TODO: Added `.toggleProp(key)` which lowercases
the value of an `aria` value and
if it's `true`, `on`, `yes`, or `1`,
then it toggles it to `false`, `off`, 
`no`, or `0`, respectively. 

- TODO: Updated `.setProp(key, value)` so that
it searches ancestors for the dataset property
if the current element doesn't have it. 
If an ancestor if found that has it, the 
ancestor's value gets updated. Otherwise,
the element itself is given the dataset
key with the value. 

- Converted `.val` and `.valXXX` 
properties to `.val()` and `.valXXX()`
methods as part of making
everything on `el` a method. 

- Added `.valBool()` to `ev`, `sender`,
and `el`. 

- Renamed `.valAsFloat()` to `.valFloat()`
for `ev`, `sender`, and `el`.

- Renamed `.valAsInt()` to `.valInt()`
for `ev`, `sender`, and `el`.

- Added `.aria(key)` 
to `ev`, `sender`, and `el`. 
It returns the value from `aria-key` 
as a string. 

- Added `.ariaBool(key)` 
to `ev`, `sender`, and `el`. 
It returns the value from `aria-key`
as a boolean.

- Added `.ariaFloat(key)` 
to `ev`, `sender`, and `el`. 
It returns the value from `aria-key`
as a float.

- Added `.ariaInt(key)` 
to `ev`, `sender`, and `el`. 
It returns the value from `aria-key`
as an integer.

- Added `.setAria(key, value)` 
to `ev`, `sender`, and `el` 
to set the given `aria-key`
attribute on an element. 

- TODO: The `.setAria(key, value)` will
search for ancestor elements with the given
aria `key` if the current element
doesn't have it. It will set the aria
value ancestor if it finds one. Otherwise,
it sets the value on the element itself. 

- TODO: The `.aria` methods use
`.closest()` to search parent elements
for an aria value if the current element
doesn't have on. 

- Added `.toggleAria(key)` which lowercases
the value of an `aria` value and
if it's `true`, `on`, `yes`, or `1`,
then it toggles it to `false`, `off`, 
`no`, or `0`, respectively. 

- When `true`, `false`, and `null` are passed to
a find/replace in `.render` they are turned
into strings for the output. 

- When numbers are passed to
a find/replace in `.render` they are turned
into strings for the output. 

- Removed `.isSender` and `.isTarget`. It's
just as easy to do something like `sender === el`
and removes the complexity of trying to 
maintain the state during function calls. 

- Set up `.innerHTMLAsBool()` as a method.

- Set up `.innerHTMLAsFloat()` as a method.

- Set up `.innerHTMLAsInt()` as a method.

- Removed `.val()` in favor of just using
`.value`. The original goal of having 
`.val()` was to maintain consistency 
with `.valueAsBool()`, etc.. so they
were all methods. With this move, 
`.value` is a property. The rest
are methods. That adds a little friction
having to remember which one is which.
But, it reduces it by using the native
`.value`. The later being more
beneficial than the former was
detrimental. 

- Updated `b.mark()` and `b.getMarks()`
so it's a single level array insteadf
of an array of arrays. (The original
idea was to provide a place to pass
notes along with the benchmarks. That
requires more processing when using
the marks since you have to dig into
the nested array. It's less friction
to keep everything at the top and
use naming of the keys or some 
other indexing.)