## Version 8.0.0-beta-4

DATE: TBD

- TODO: Added `copyThen(signals, ms, successMessage = "Copied", failMessage = "Could not copy")` 
which does a copy and then debounces for
the given number of milliseconds before triggering
the follow up signals. The messages are
for success and failure. 

- TODO: Added SVG output to `.render`.

- TODO: When `true`, `false`, and `null` are passed to
a find/replace in `.render` they are turned
into strings for the output. 

- TODO: Added test to verify that numbers get 
converted to strings properly when doing find/replace
in `.render`. 

- TODO: Set up default listeners for each type
of form control so they don't send multiple 
signals and do the default expectation. (e.g.
clicking into an text input field doesn't
trigger a signal, nor does typing in it. The
signal is only sent when the enter key is hit. 
Switching to other listeners works normally
to do things like switching to listen for
every character by listening for `input`)

- TODO: Added test verifying `b.send` can send
strings, ints, etc... in addition to objects. 

- Moved `b.init` runner after the
listeners are set up to ensure things
get picked up properly on initial load. 
(e.g. `b.send()` works as expected if
it's in a function run from `b.init`)

- Renamed `loadData` to `get`.

- Renamed `loadTemplates` to `getTemplates`.

- Added `b.randomInt(min, max)` to get
a random integer between the `min` and
`max` (inclusive of the `min` and `max`
numbers themselves)

- Added `b.randomFloat(min, max)` to get
a random float between the `min` and
`max` (inclusive of the `min` and `max`
numbers themselves)

- Added `b.ce` as an alias for `document.createElement()`;

## Possible Inclusions

- Added `b.range()` based of the lodash implementation
for creating ranges of numbers that are 
returned as an array. 
